Update request for shared mailbox requirements (#1886)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ome-faq.md

Yes! Encrypted messages are supported for a shared mailbox.

> - Users can open protected mails in a shared mailbox as long as they have full access to the same. Please do note that "automapping" is also a requirement for the users to be able to open the content on the shared mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can open protected mails in a shared mailbox as long as they have full access to the mailbox. Please note that "automapping" is also a requirement for the users to be able to open the content in the shared mailbox.
```

> - Users can open protected mails in a shared mailbox as long as they have full access to the mailbox. Please note that "automapping" is also a requirement for the users to be able to open the content in the shared mailbox.

Reviewer 2: Editors, change the second line as follows (not great since it doesn't describe automapping, but i'll take it):

Automapping is also required for users to open content in a shared mailbox.

> - Users can open protected mails in a shared mailbox as long as they have full access to the mailbox. Please note that "automapping" is also a requirement for the users to be able to open the content in the shared mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can open protected mails in a shared mailbox as long as they have full access to the mailbox. Automapping is also required for users to open content in a shared mailbox.
```
